1 Qualifying Exam: Adequately estimates incoming students ability.
2 Qualifying Exam: Adequately estimates proper class placement.
3 Qualifying Exam: The difficulty and content were appropriate for the level of physics education received in undergrad.
5 Subject Exams: The difficulty and content were appropriate for the level of physics education received.
6 Subject Exams: Success on subject exams is a good indicator of future success in thesis research.
7 Subject Exams: Content of subject exam courses reflects the skills anda material students need to master for a successful Ph.D.
9 The amount of required core courses is
10 I know of approximately (#) ___ special topics courses available in my subfield.
11 I believe this is a sufficient number of special topics courses to master the material I need to understand for my subfield.
12 I feel encouraged to take topics outside my subfield.
16 Subject exam courses: The amount of course work assigned is appropriate
17 Required non-subject exam courses: The amount of course work assigned is appropriate
18 Special topics courses: The amount of course work assigned is appropriate
19 Subject exam courses: Assist me with the work I perform in my subfield.
20 Required non-subject exam courses: Assist me with the work I perform in my subfield.
21 Special topics courses: Assist me with the work I perform in my subfield.
22 Subject exam courses: Quality of teaching is appropriate.
23 Required non-subject exam courses: Quality of teaching is appropriate.
24 Special topics courses: Quality of teaching is appropriate.
25 Subject exam courses: Course instructors are well matched with the course they teach.
26 Required non-subject exam courses: Course instructors are well matched with the course they teach.
27 Special topics courses: Course instructors are well matched with the course they teach.
28 Subject exam courses: Course instructors are sufficiently available outside of class.
29 Required non-subject exam courses: Course instructors are sufficiently available outside of class.
30 Special topics courses: Course instructors are sufficiently available outside of class.
 
32 I am happy with the TA options offered by the department.
33 Before coming to MSU,ξI was aware of the type of TA positions that would be available to me.
34 My TA duties require at maximum 20 hours of work per week
35 I received sufficient training relevant to fulfilling my TA duties.
36 My TA supervisor provides adequate support for my teaching responsibilities.
37 My research/thesis advisor respects my TA commitment.
39 The department provides sufficient opportunity to learn about science outside my subfield (colloquia, invited talks, speaker lunches).
40 The department provides sufficient opportunity to develop skills beyond those I use in my immediate research.
41 The department provides sufficient opportunity for faculty and students to connect in a social capacity.
42 My advisor encourages me to attend talks and read journal articles.
44 I am paid a living wage.
47 The graduate student benefits package is adequate for my needs.
48 The department provides adequate resources for maintaining emotional and mental health, in addition to physical health.
55 The department encourages students to explore all career options, include those outside of academia.
56 I would like for it to be more widely accepted for students to have the opportunity to take temporary internships (outside of academia) before graduating to help decide on career paths.
58 Expectations of the physics & astronomy graduate program are appropriate.
60 I have a good relationship with my thesis/research advisor.
61 I feel that my advisor has appropriate/reasonable expectations of me.
62 My advisor offers constructive criticism when appropriate.
65 I feel that I am a member of the physics & astronomy department.
69 My enthusiasm for and interest in physics research has increased since I first started the grad program at MSU.
71 These changes have been beneficial to me.
73 The addition of 2-credit modular courses has encouraged me to take more special topics courses.
74 The amount of time spent outside of class on course work was appropriate in these new 2-credit courses.
75 I feel that these changes are improving the curriculum.
 
